Changed URL from underscores to hyphens (#396)
gitpod-io/website: src/blog/gitpod-online-ide.md

Gitpod provides your collaborators a **single-click-to-contribute** **experience**.

> More information on how to configure Gitpod can be found [here](http://docs.gitpod.io/40-Configuration.html).

Reviewer: Good catch, this link actually still uses an old address we no longer use. This can be fixed like so:

```suggestion
More information on how to configure Gitpod can be found [here](https://www.gitpod.io/docs/40-configuration/).
```
